This lesson I want to do a quick update on the YouTube API and how to enable them how to remove them
how to disable them.
I don't always get your key whenever you log back in and you do need to have a Google account in order
to get your youtube API and also access all the different API.
So you do have some information here right.
When you go into the dashboard you're going to see what eyes are available.
You're going to see the requests that you've made you're going to see errors.
You can disable at it at any time and it also keeps track of Stott's of your API being used.
If you go into credentials you can see that API key.
So if you ever want to remove it you could simply you could edit the API key or you could just delete
it.
So I'm going to go out and delete the one that I used in the previous lesson so whenever you create
it you can always delete it.
And basically now if we try to go to that you are still going to be sitting there but if I try to go
to it it's going to say that this is not available anymore.
So basically that should be gone.
I refreshed the dashboard.
It should be gone out on my dashboard as well.
And if you ever do need another API you can always go to enable.
And this one is YouTube data API and you can see there's a lot of other API as well.
So go out and you click it and you can create credentials for it at any time.
And this one is just the defaults that are used.
We can just do the API key and you can also add credentials for it.
So you can choose where it's calling from.
You can see the data will be accessing public data user data and getting the credentials.
So there's a lot of options as well.
You also have key restrictions so you can restrict IP addresses.
You can restrict the HGT you refer Web sites so you could only allow certain Web sites.
And if you do none then this is what I was using as well where I had no restrictions that the web application
could simply search through as long as the key was there and search through that API.
And it is there is quite a lot here and Google really does offer a lot of stuff.
So this is one of the things that it does take some time to kind of flip through it and take a look
through all of this.
But it is worthwhile to get comfortable with it because getting familiar with API is the YouTube one
is great to work with because it really does have a lot of data.
So I do encourage you if you don't have a Google account to set one up and take advantage of the YouTube
API as well as the moppy pieces that are available.